Thesis title: Variational approximations to zero-inflated count models

Abstract: 

1.1 Are you an active participant in your research community?

Not as yet.

1.2 What have been the main accomplishments of your project over the past
year?

Reviewing the literature
Learning how to write non-trivial R programs, and learning about numerical programming
Univariate approximation of zero inflated model
Considerable progress towards approximation of zero inflated model
Begin working on draft of first paper
First presentation

1.3 What key milestones do you plan to meet during the next year?

Finish and submit first paper
Draft first chapter

1.4 By what date do you plan to submit your thesis?

June 2016 - December 2016

1.5 The research process generally has its challenges, and we would like to
hear about yours. What are the biggest challenges you have faced during the
past year in terms of progressing your research?

Having been away from Uni so long, I've had to work hard to get my algebraic
manipulation and theoretical statistical skills back up to scratch. I'm still
working on this. I've been particularly working on my linear algebra skills.

Substantial time has been spent learning to implement numerical algorithms
in R, and get them to produce the correct results.

Balancing full time research and part-time work has been very difficult, and
this has slowed my progress somewhat. I will be concentrating solely on my
research in this next year.

1.6 Describe your working relationship with your supervisory team

Dr John Ormerod and I meet for supervisory meetings at least once a week.
During especially busy periods, we meet twice a week. We also email each other
if something urgent comes up. I find this arrangement satisfactory.

1.7 Are there any issues you would like to discuss with the panel during
your interview? This is an opportunity for you to let us know of any concerns
you may have about your project, research community, progres and supervisory
team.

Not at this time.
